Main Docs: references of accelerator removal and change to GPU (#5495)
RadeonOpenCompute/ROCm: docs/how-to/rocm-for-ai/inference-optimization/workload.rst

The general guideline is to maximize per-node throughput by running as many vLLM instances as possible.
However, running too many instances might lead to insufficient memory for the KV-cache, which can affect performance.

> The Instinct MI300X GPU is equipped with 192GB of HBM3 memory capacity and bandwidth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Instinct MI300X GPU is equipped with 192 GB of HBM3 memory capacity and bandwidth.
```
